docs: deploy on platform (#4627)
monicahq/monica: readme.md

1. You can use our hosted-version (this is the simplest way to use the product) on [https://monicahq.com](https://monicahq.com).
1. You can install it on your server: follow installation instructions ([here](/docs/installation/readme.md)).

> 1. Deploy straight on Platform.Sh <a href="https://console.platform.sh/projects/create-project/?template=https://github.com/monicahq/monica&utm_campaign=deploy_on_platform?utm_medium=button&utm_source=affiliate_links&utm_content=https://github.com/monicahq/monica" target="_blank" title="Deploy with Platform.sh"><img src="https://platform.sh/images/deploy/deploy-button-lg-blue.svg"></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy straight on Platform.sh [![Deploy with Platform.sh](https://platform.sh/images/deploy/deploy-button-lg-blue.svg)](https://console.platform.sh/projects/create-project/?template=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fmonicahq%2Fmonica&amp;utm_campaign=deploy_on_platform&amp;utm_medium=button&amp;utm_source=affiliate_links&amp;utm_content=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fmonicahq%2Fmonica)
```
